update docs for rpm packages and extension availability (#1988)
dunglas/frankenphp: README.md

## Getting Started

On Windows, use [WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/wsl/) to run FrankenPHP.

### Install Script

You can copy this line into your terminal to automatically
install an appropriate version for your platform:

```console
curl https://frankenphp.dev/install.sh | sh
mv frankenphp /usr/local/bin/
```

### Standalone Binary

> We provide static FrankenPHP binaries for development purposes on Linux and macOS

Reviewer: I would keep it as is a  it's provided on our "official" GitHub page

> We provide static FrankenPHP binaries for development purposes on Linux and macOS

Author: Woops, I meant to quote the other deb and rpm sentences.

containing [PHP 8.4](https://www.php.net/releases/8.4/en.php) and most popular PHP extensions.

[Download FrankenPHP](https://github.com/php/frankenphp/releases)

### RPM Packages

> We offer RPM packages for all systems using `dnf`. To install, run:

Author: ```suggestion
Our maintainers offer rpm packages for all systems using `dnf`. To install, run:
```

frankenphp php-cli /path/to/your/script.php
```

### RPM Packages

We offer RPM packages for all systems using `dnf`. To install, run:

```console
sudo dnf install https://rpm.henderkes.com/static-php-1-0.noarch.rpm
sudo dnf module enable php-zts:static-8.4 # 8.2-8.5 available
sudo dnf install frankenphp
# to install extensions:
sudo dnf install php-zts-xdebug
# if an extension is not available by default, install it with pie
sudo dnf install php-zts-devel
sudo pie install asgrim/example-pie-extension --with-php-config=php-config-zts
```

### DEB Packages

> We offer DEB packages for all Debian-based systems. To install, run:

Author: ```suggestion
Our maintainers offer deb packages for all Debian-based systems. To install, run:
```
